We encourage everyone to contribute. If you submit an issue anonymously please
leave your contact information so I can get back at you.

1. Bug reports

To submit a bug report please identify clearly what happened and what was
expected; the configuration used at the time and some system attributes. The
configuration options can be obtained from running matilda -info. The system
attributes should include the kernel version, compiler version, and versions of
other software used to communicate with Matilda. If the bug is reproducible also
attempt to provide a script or SGF file that can reproduce it, plus running
Matilda with logging enabled (-log flag) and submitting the log file generated.

2. Suggestions, questions, ideas, commentary

Just fire away. Include the details you think are pertinent. If you reference a
scientific paper that is not available online for free I'd appreciate an excerpt
or summary of its contents.

3. Pull requests

If you want to help but don't know where to start, start by reading the
documentation. Problems of varying complexity are present in the issue tracker.
Sometimes smaller things are also marked TODO in the source code; they can be
found by running ./fn.sh TODO

To submit a pull request first read the src/README file on some code guidelines.
Before committing to a certain problem you may also want to get in touch to make
sure that is a worthwhile endeavor. If you decide to go ahead with the pull
request be reminded it is assumed to follow the licensing model (permissive free
software) of the rest of matilda. If you require a different licensing model, or
want to submit something that is not yours, please state so clearly in the pull
request and in the specific files; and be prepared to defend your request.

Please test all pull requests locally before submitting them, this includes
testing a few different board sizes, with some options on and off, and so on (to
the extent that you think is reasonable). Please also clearly introduce the
problem you identify in your pull request, your approach to it, and what you are
committing. This is very important since you might make mistakes and it goes a
long way to understand what you tested better and what part of your work was
less worked on. If your work aimed at increasing the strength of the program,
please tell me the results and settings of whatever benchmarking you did.

If you need any help before submitting a pull request, or have a great idea but
don't have the time or experience on the project to implement it, just open an
issue.

Have fun and I hope you enjoy contributing to matilda.
